# v0.11.1 (2018-04-01)

- The `ErrorKind` no longer needs to have `pub` visibility. The generated `Error`, `Result` and `ResultExt` items will have the same visibility as the `ErrorKind`.

When the `proc_macro` nightly feature is enabled, the following new features become available. See the crate documentation for more details.

- The `display` and `description` attributes can now have a raw function expression value instead of a string containing the function expression. Eg `#[error_chain(display = |e| write!(f, "http request returned an unsuccessful status code: {}", e))]`
- Those `display` and `description` attributes that only contained a single call like `write!(f, ...)` can now use the `const()` shorthand. Eg `#[error_chain(description = const("Chainable's description"))]` and `#[error_chain(display = const("Custom's display: {code}"))]`.
- The `link` attribute of chainable links can now have a raw path value instead of a string containing the path. Eg `#[error_chain(link = other_error::Error)]`.

# v0.11.0 (2017-09-07)

- BREAKING CHANGE: The enum attribute `#[derive(error_chain)]` is now `#[derive(ErrorChain)]` to comply with upcoming Rust changes - `#[derive(error_chain)]` would conflict with `#[error_chain(...)]` since the latter appears to be a valid attribute macro. The variant attribute `#[error_chain]` is unchanged, but check the "Conflicts with `error-chain` macros when the `proc_macro` feature is enabled" section in the docs for a caveat.
- The `Msg(String)` variant is now optional. If omitted, the ErrorKind and Error will not impl `From<String>` and `From<&str>`

# v0.10.1 (2017-05-13)

- Added support for generic errorkinds.

# v0.10.0 (2017-02-25)

- Fixed `ResultExt` to use the correct names for the error kind and error structs instead of `ErrorKind` and `Error`.
- Added new `with_chain` function to `ChainedError` impl for compatibility with `error-chain` v0.10.0

# v0.9.0 (2017-02-07)

- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `Sync` bound on the `ResultExt` trait and `ChainedError::extract_backtrace` function for compatibility with `error-chain` v0.9.0
- Clippy's `redundant_closure_call` warning is now suppressed on inline lambdas passed to `#[error_chain(description / display / cause = "...")]` attributes via `#[allow]` gated on the `cargo-clippy` feature. This feature is automatically defined when running clippy through cargo as `cargo clippy`

# v0.8.1 (2017-02-01)

- If giving inline lambdas to `#[error_chain(description / display / cause = "...")]` attributes, the lambdas no longer need to be wrapped in parentheses.
- If the value of the `#[error_chain(display)]` attribute is an inline lambda that isn't wrapped in parentheses, this lambda can omit the `&mut ::std::fmt::Formatter` parameter. Instead, it can capture `f` from its environment. Lambdas in parentheses continue to need the parameter, so this isn't a breaking change.

# v0.8.0 (2017-01-20)

- BREAKING CHANGE: Custom description and display function expressions now receive the variant fields as separate parameters instead of in a single tuple.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Added `Sync` bound on the `ResultExt` trait and `ChainedError::extract_backtrace` function for compatibility with `error-chain` v0.8.0
- Added new `cause = ...` item to variant attribute to override the default value returned by `::std::error::Error::cause()`

# v0.7.2 (2016-12-28)

- Removed `#[doc(hidden)]` on members of `Error` struct.
- Added new methods to `ChainedError` impl for compatibility with `error-chain` v0.7.2

# v0.7.1 (2016-12-23)

- Fixed error message for malformed chainable links.

# v0.7.0 (2016-12-05)

- BREAKING CHANGE: The types generated by this proc macro now use some items from the `error-chain`crate. Thus your crate will now require a dependency on the `error-chain` in addition to this `derive-error-chain` crate.
- For the same reason, the backtrace functionality uses `error-chain`'s re-exported `backtrace` crate, so your crate no longer needs to depend on the `backtrace` crate.
- BREAKING CHANGE: For compatibility with the new `ErrorKind` enum generated by `error-chain`, the chainable link variants of an `ErrorKind` now contain only the chainable error kind object and not the chainable error itself. Thus chainable link variants have a breaking change in syntax, from `Foo(SomeError, SomeErrorKind)` to `#[error_chain(link = "SomeError")] Foo(SomeErrorKind)`
- The version number of this crate will now follow `error-chain`. This implies that version 0.7 of `derive-error-chain` is expected to be similar in functionality to version 0.7 of `error-chain`, and so on.

# v0.1.2 (2016-11-18)

- BREAKING CHANGE: Due to new proc_macro semantics, every `ErrorKind` enum now needs a special `Msg(String)` member.
- Added `backtrace = ...` item to top-level `#[error_chain]` attribute to allow overriding the backtrace type or disabling backtrace functionality completely.

# v0.1.1 (2016-11-12)

- Fixed default name for `ChainErr` trait to be `ChainErr`, and added `chain_err = "Foo"` item to top-level `#[error_chain]` attribute to override the name.

# v0.1.0 (2016-11-12)

First release.
